{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [a]Saltyairman[/a][s]When a friends supervisor blames you for a "ruined" marriage[/s][t]
\f1\fs25\fsmilli12923 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I was stationed at Luke. First base, in emergency management. Most of my good friends were all maintenance. The one I'm going to talk about is SrA Dipshit. Now SrA Dipshit is an absolutely lovable guy. He was married and on base housing. No kids. Hung out with this guy on the daily doing typical airman dumb shit. He was in an open relationship with his wife at the time (this will come into play later).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 SrA Dipshit of course had a supervisor. We'll call him SSgt Torquecock. SrA Dipshit and SSgt Torquecock had a pretty tight friendship outside of work however Torquecock had an absolutely raging temper. Torquecocks wife and Dipshits wife were also very close friends and the group and myself on occasion would stop by and bullshit. All is well except for the occasional outburst from Torquecock to Dipshit for dipshits sometimes relatively poor money decisions. How would Torquecock know though?\
Easy.\
Dipshits wife gets frustrated. Vents to torquecocks wife who then talks to Torquecock hence the random and inappropriately timed ass chewing.\
Fast forward a couple weeks after all this becomes the norm for me. Mind you me and SrA dipshit hung out often enough for people to probly think we're gay. Everyone's had a friendship like that at one point or another.\
So I'm sitting at dipshits house, it's 0100 Sunday. Typical nonsensical conversation everything's fine. Suddenly SSgt Torquecock shows up with his wife absolutely fucking irate. It was a strange, drug out "conversation" of me, ME getting my ass chewed out by Torquecock in base housing. Accusing me of practically "ruining" my friends marriage via hanging out with him so often. Saying how inappropriate it is of me to show up and walk into the house and take dipshit to car shows etc. Torquecocks wife of course had to get in the conversation about the "way I was" and how I'm an absolute annoyance in the dipshit marriage. I sat there, absolutely befuddled "yes, sir" over and over not breaking eye contact. The torquecocks eventually leave. Me and dipshit go outside to smoke, he apologizes and I made no contact with him for a couple days.\
The next time I see dipshit he stopped by my dorm to make sure I wasn't dead and tells me about what was happening. Torquecock had essentially taken advantage of dipshits open relationship (he fucked his Airmans wife) which dipshit was okay with. The strange part was that torquecocks wife had no knowledge of this interaction. And SSgt Torquecock had eventually texted dipshits wife, trying to convince her to divorce dipshit, and run away with him.\
Needless to say, their leadership found out about the text message only, a no contact order was issued between SSgt and his airman. And it never escalated beyond that. SrA dipshit and his wife are still married and are handling their student debt fine. I never maintained ties with Torquecock for obvious reasons. [/t]}